grpc fallback improvements (#16215)
prysmaticlabs/prysm: changelog/james-prysm_grpc-fallback.md

### Changed

> - gRPC fall back now matches rest api implementation and will also check and connect to only synced nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- gRPC fallback now matches rest api implementation and will also check and connect to only synced nodes.
```
nit
